hi my name is denis and my name is
Xenia and we will be again today
test google application by the way what
do you shout anything that anything
chew shouted we will not shout i
In general I like to scream open the application
google recognizes not only the quietest
sounds like whisper new sounds which
very difficult to hear noisy environment
and now we'll probably show you the most
simple experience with the sound of the phone from
plastic cups and I'll even let
tell Katyusha
how it works
so plastic cup in this
designs fulfills the role and dynamics and
microphone
when one caller is on the phone
sound waves create air vibrations
which are transmitted to the walls and bottom
a cup which in turn
passes you lie on another
rope side sound wave
causes the bottom and walls to fluctuate
another cups these vibrations
transmitted to air and
perceived by the other party's ear
ok google sound speed
340 and 29 meters per second
29 acres for sure
and now we will see how it works
google application in noisy environments
this they on my most favorite experiences he
very cheerful and he is called flashy
balls
we have an evening and we'll start with
small ball
ok google for i no longer communicate
with denis
I want to try too
ok google
bread
you wanted to tell me something to sound on
war how can you actually love god
This furnace was not